Quiz 4 --

1) I would go ahead and open the door I chose as it the notion correlation doesnt imply causation applies here.

2) My lack of knowledge exists here. If I could know the odds of a goat behind a door, I could have a different answer.

3) In the frequentist school of thought, the uncertainty is within the experiement. So I'd still choose the same.

4) A) Area of the graph is = 1
	B) Non negative
	
5) On a given day, the data would be discrete. Cumulative Distribution would suffice.

6) Normal Distribution

7) 1/36

8) 3/6

9) Cumulative Distribution

10) Correlation does not neccessarily mean causation. Though they can exist at the same time.
	 A lot of the time causation cannot be assumed from a correlation because too many factors are in play.
	 For example, you started making your coffee with a new sweetner called XYZ. You observe that
	 your rates of selling have skyrocketing. You assume that the use of XYZ has caused your sales to increase
	 but the fact could be that it's the sweet taste that the customers like not neccessarily just XYZ.
	
11) Independece between variables cannot be assumed by correlation. Infact, as humans, we'd assume
	 causation naturally. For example, you observe that over time women attending an event seem
	 to be getting taller. You also observe that highheels over time are increasing in height.
	 It's easy to see how you can't imply these variables to be independent.

12) Aesthetics in data visualization are the features of a graphic representing data.
	Exampls of these Aesthetics are as follows: Position, Size, Color, and line width.
	
13) Two Major Classes of Aesthetics:
	1) Discrete Aesthetics
	2) COntinuous
	
14) Types of Data:
	 1) Quantitative - Ex. The weights of individual grapes
	 2) Qualitative - Ex. Color of a set of cars.

15) Factors

16) Ordered Data: Average height of Hospital Buildings
	Unordered Data: Average height of any structure

17) Plots where the axis share the same time of measurement.

18)

19) Periodic Data

20) ggplot2 hue: Data that has no intrinsic order
	Heat: Temperture
	Carto Earth: Present data to humans
	Okabe Ito Accent: To highlight
